README.md, before:

# stlkr

* [Homepage](https://github.com/psyomn/stlkr#readme)
* [Issues](https://github.com/psyomn/stlkr/issues)
* [Documentation](http://rubydoc.info/gems/stlkr/frames)
* [Email](mailto:lethaljellybean at gmail.com)

## Description

This is your friendly stalker, your personal informant on changes that may
happen to some static sites. At the moment it doesn't work perfectly, but should
make your life a little easier with sites you only want to check whenever they
are updated.

## Features

You first need to add a few sites to your collection:

    stlkr -a http://www.google.com
    stlkr -a http://www.textfiles.com/computers/144disk.txt
    stlkr -a http://www.nhk.or.jp

Then you can start the service this way:

    stlkr -z

You can list the current sites you're stalking this way:

    stlkr -ls

And you can remove a site this way:

    stlkr -d http://www.google.com

## Examples

    require 'stlkr'

## Requirements

You'll possibly need the headers of the following

* GTK2
* libnotify

## Install

    $ gem install stlkr

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 psyomn

## LICENSE

MIT

Commit message:

README: add instructions for basic auth

README.md, after:

# stlkr

* [Homepage](https://github.com/psyomn/stlkr#readme)
* [Issues](https://github.com/psyomn/stlkr/issues)
* [Documentation](http://rubydoc.info/gems/stlkr/frames)
* [Email](mailto:lethaljellybean at gmail.com)

## Description

This is your friendly stalker, your personal informant on changes that may
happen to some static sites. At the moment it doesn't work perfectly, but should
make your life a little easier with sites you only want to check whenever they
are updated.

## Features

You first need to add a few sites to your collection:

    stlkr -a http://www.google.com
    stlkr -a http://www.textfiles.com/computers/144disk.txt
    stlkr -a http://www.nhk.or.jp

You can also add basic password protected sites like this:

    stlkr -a http://www.somplace.com/protectedpage.html -u username -p password

Then you can start the service this way:

    stlkr -z

You can list the current sites you're stalking this way:

    stlkr -ls

And you can remove a site this way:

    stlkr -d http://www.google.com

Everything is stored in text form inside a yaml file:

    $HOME/.config/stlkr/uris

## Examples

    require 'stlkr'

## Requirements

You'll possibly need the headers of the following

* GTK2
* libnotify

## Install

    $ gem install stlkr

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 psyomn

## LICENSE

MIT
